# Register updates {#register-updates}

## SMPTE LMT Repository and Submission Package definition

SMPTE manages its copy of the register using a Git repository. The repository contains the files detailed below. An update request to start the SMPTE process is generated by a maintainer issuing a pull request to SMPTE's `RegLMT` repository at `https://github.com/SMPTE/RegLMT`.

## SMPTE repository structure

The repository shall contain one of each files listed below. All other files in the repository will be ignored and may be deleted at the discretion of SMPTE HQ.

1. `lmt.xml` An XML document of the new LMT version
2. `lmt-ref.xml` An XML document of the current published `lmt.xml`
  a. Line endings and indent style shall match the new document
3. `lmt-diff.txt` A human readable difference between the `lmt.xml` and `lmt-ref.xml`.
   The format of this document is not mandated. It should be appropriate for a SMPTE member
   to find the differences between the current and previous versions of the register.
4. `lmt-release-summary.md` A markdown narrative to be published with this version
5. `lmt-control.pdf` A PDF of the published version of this document for reference by maintainers.
6. `README.md` A markdown description of the repo referencing the PDF in the repo for contact information.

## QC of the submission package

When the submission package is received, SMPTE will validate:

1. The request was received from one of the approved register maintainers.
2. The `Zthes/LMTMetadata/version` field has been updated
3. The `Zthes/LMTMetadata/DatesISO8601/release` field has been updated
4. The `Zthes/LMTMetadata/DatesISO8601/release` field is absent
5. Line endings shall be unix style (`\n`) and indenting shall be performed with spaces
6. `lmt.xml` validates against the schema defined in the latest version of this document
7. The web pages for the smpte-ra website render correctly
8. The provided documents meet SMPTE process rules

## SMPTE Process (informative)

The submission package shall be treated as an incoming SMPTE Standard and subject to the procedures of the SMPTE Standards Operations Manual.
This section is for guidance only. If this section conflicts with the SMPTE Standards OM or any Administrative Guideline,
then that other document will prevail.

::: {custom-style="smpte-note"}
NOTE: During the Public CD process, the group may choose to ask the TC to ask the SMPTE Steering Committee
to put some of the provisions of this section into a new AG.

NOTE: The SMPTE process means that individual submissions might be accepted, rejected or modified by consensus.
:::

1. Once a submission is received and has passed validation, a meeting of the LMT working group is convened to elevate the package as a WD to the TC.
2. The TC chairs initiate a 2-week pre-FCD review to become a CD. [there may be comments]
3. The TC chair asks the SVP to publish the as a public-CD for comment.
4. When the Proponenet wish to progress the document to standard, TC Chairs commence an FCD ballot. With the question
   _Do the changes to the Language Metadata Table Register fulfil the register requirements in the latest version of SMPTE ST xxxx_
5. If there are comments from the Public CD process or from the Ballot, they shall be addressed.
6. A DP vote follows if there were substantive comments to be addressed in the ballot.
7. An ST Audit takes place to verify process was followed.
8. The LMT is published in the live area of SMPTE-RA and the public CD version is removed.

### SMPTE Headquarters (HQ) publishing

The resulting table shall be made available on the SMPTE-RA website at a permanent URL SMPTE may optionally make
available other views of the canonical XML available.

Tooling and processing of these alternate views is at the discretion of SMPTE HQ and outside the scope of this document.
