# Register updates {#register-updates} (informative procedure)

## SMPTE LMT Repository and Submission Package definition

SMPTE manages its copy of the register using a Git repository. The repository
contains the files detailed below. An update request to start the SMPTE process
is generated by a maintainer issuing a pull request to SMPTE's `RegLMT`
repository at `https://github.com/SMPTE/RegLMT` after a project has been
initiated.

## SMPTE repository structure

The repository shall contain one of each files listed below. All other files in
the repository will be ignored and may be deleted at the discretion of SMPTE HQ.

1. `lmt.json` An JSON document of the current LMT version
2. `lmt-ref.json` An JSON document of the current published `lmt.JSON`
  a. Line endings and indent style shall match the new document
3. `lmt.diff` A human readable difference between the `lmt.JSON` and
   `lmt-ref.JSON`. The format of this document is not mandated. It should be
   appropriate for a SMPTE member to find the differences between the current
   and previous versions of the register.
4. `lmt-narrative.md` A markdown narrative to be published with this version
5. `lmt-control.pdf` A PDF of the published version of this document for
   reference by maintainers.
6. `README.md` A markdown description of the repo referencing the PDF in the
   repo for contact information.

## QC of the submission package

When the submission package is received, SMPTE will validate:

1. The request was received from a SMPTE standards participant.
1. The `lmt` metadata object is correct for a submission
1. Line endings are style (`\n`) and indenting is be performed with spaces
6. `lmt.JSON` validates against the schema defined in the latest version of this
   document
7. The narratives and different files for the smpte-ra website render correctly
8. The provided documents meet SMPTE process rules

## SMPTE Process (informative)

The submission package shall be treated as an incoming SMPTE Standard and
subject to the procedures of the SMPTE Standards Operations Manual. This section
is for guidance only. If this section conflicts with the SMPTE Standards OM or
any Administrative Guideline, then that other document will prevail.

::: {custom-style="smpte-note"}

NOTE: During the Public CD process, the group may choose to ask the TC to ask
the SMPTE Steering Committee to put some of the provisions of this section into
a new AG.

NOTE: The SMPTE process means that individual submissions might be accepted,
rejected or modified by consensus.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

1. Once a submission is received and has passed validation, a meeting of the LMT
   working group is convened to elevate the package as a WD to the TC.
2. The TC chairs initiate a 2-week pre-FCD review to become a CD. [there may be
   comments]
3. The TC chair asks the SVP to publish the as a public-CD for comment.
4. When the Proponenet wish to progress the document (containing one or more
   submissions) to standard, TC Chairs commence an FCD ballot. With the question
   _Do the changes to the Language Metadata Table Register fulfil the register
   requirements in the latest version of SMPTE ST xxxx_
5. If there are comments from the Public CD process or from the Ballot, they
   shall be addressed.
6. A DP vote follows if there were substantive comments to be addressed in the
   ballot.
7. An ST Audit takes place to verify process was followed.
8. The LMT is published in the live area of SMPTE-RA and the public CD version
   is removed.

### SMPTE Home Office (HO) publishing

The resulting table shall be made available on the SMPTE-RA website with a
persistent URL SMPTE may optionally make available other views of the
standardised JSON available.

Tooling and processing of these alternate views is at the discretion of SMPTE HO
and outside the scope of this document.
